As with many things in Modular Rayguns, Beam Chambers come in three tiers.
Shift-right-clicking with a beam chamber in hand will give you the emitter and
an empty beam chamber of the same tier back, so you can attach a different
emitter.

# Tier 1

## Laser

The simplest effect available, this coherent blast of ordinary red light deals 
mild damage to anyone unfortunate enough to be standing in its way.

## Heat Ray

Ever had a tree that you didn't like, but couldn't be bothered to spare the 
effort to punch it down? Ever seen a zombie refuse to step out into the sunlight
and die the fiery death it so richly deserves? Bring the flames of your 
righteous fury to the foe with the Heat Ray!

## Lightning

With a Lightning gun in hand, you too can bring down the wrath of the gods upon
your enemies - and look darn cool doing it! Users are advised to keep their
electrical arcs away from sensitive redstone-based devices, as there may be
some interference around the impact site.

## Cutting Beam Mk. 1

Because smashing rock with a pickaxe is so last century! Upgraded versions of 
the basic Cutting Beam are available in Tier 2 and 3, each one packing more
rock-smashing power into each shot.

# Tier 2

## Life Force

Ze Healing and Ze Hurting don't have to be mutually exclusive. The life force 
beam can heal the wounds of any living creature, but any undead monstrosity 
will find that its beneficent energies weaken the dark power that separates 
them from the void.

## Impulse & Tractor

What, you mean I have to walk all the way over there and put down a piston to 
move blocks without breaking them? Nuts to that. The Impulse beam can push a 
row of blocks away from the shooter, while the Tractor beam pulls a single 
block in the opposite direction. Standard piston rules and conditions apply.

## Fortified Sunlight

The power of the sun in the palm of your hand. The Fortified Sunlight beam
harms and burns the undead just as true sunlight does. A powerful enough jolt
can accelerate plant growth as well.

## Frost Ray

Is it cool in here, or is it just my gun? Fire a concentrated burst of arctic
frost that can freeze water solid, or even harden lava in a (cold) snap. The
sub-zero chill will put your enemies in the cooler, and slow their movement.
Not recommended for use under water.

## Ender

Why should the Endermen have all the fun? Any creature struck by a blast from 
the Ender beam will be teleported to a new location. Unfortunately, the 
dimensional rift effect is destabilized by living creatures - the destination 
cannot be controlled, and the unfortunate critter will suffer some harm. Still,
it's all in the name of Science!

## Matter Transporter

Fortunately, the teleportation affect can be applied to blocks without issue. 
When placed in your hotbar next to a stack of blocks, the Matter Transporter
beam will place those blocks on impact.

# Tier 3

## Death Ray

Understanding the behaviour of life energies has enabled the construction of a
malign device that twists them to foul ends. The Death Ray causes dire harm to
all living creatures (even plants), but will repair injuries suffered by the
undead. Worse, it passes right through solid objects as though they weren't
there. Don't bother taking cover from this one!

## Explosive

Do you have a chicken that needs to be spread over nine chunks? Need a new pond
in your garden, without the hassle of digging by hand? When someone asks 
"EXPLOOOSIONS?!" do you give an enthusiastic "YES!"? Try out the Explosive beam!
